go you gotta be kidding me
sorry you're a long Musk
I am uh what are you doing here I'm
washing dishes well I was on the turkey
line but I got to murder for being too
generous with the gravy oh man I mean
what an honor to meet you I uh I'm such
a fan of Tesla and SpaceX all your
companies of Howard Wolowitz Caltech
nice to meet you hard that feels great
to come down here and help the less
fortunate huh oh yeah nothing better
than helping people which is something I
realized when I was viewing earth from
the deck of the International Space
Station where I spent two months as a
payload specialist that job I was
qualified for because I'm an mit-trained
engineer and I thought I ladled the
graveyard pick
sorry it's just your you oh I really
want you to adopt me
well you're here on Thanksgiving so
you're probably a good person oh I made
my wife come down to I think you might
ever get back out to space is that a job
offer cuz I really want to go to Mars
assuming I can bring my wife she hardly
takes up any room she's basically carry
on well we're not quite there yet but
voice looking for engineers slowly give
me my email we can stay in touch thank
you oh look someone hardly touched their
pumpkin pie want to share it with me
a partially eaten piece of pumpkin pie
from a homeless shelter with Elon Musk
II bet I do